Domain: Cloud Security
Question: How did I deploy a cloud network while maintaining its integrity by utilizing access controls?

   In my project I deployed a cloud network through Microsoft Azure that utilized three virtual machines (VM) that supplied resources to a web server. Traffic within this server was then monitored by my fourth VM that exists in a different virtual network (VN). For security purposes I deployed logic-based access controls that fall within the five major components including authentication, authorization, access, manage, and audit.
 
-Authentication: Microsoft Azure has a plethora of built-in authorization measures that I only bolstered through my use of internal security measures. These include personal email/password for Azure, public/private key from my local machine to access my Jump Box, and a public/private key combination created from my Ansible container to permit access to my four VMs within my shell.
 
-Authorization: Access to Azure resources is tiered and has levels of authorization that go through the stages of initial Azure login, launching of my Jump Box, attaching to my Ansible container, and finally accessing my four VMs for the purpose of providing resources to power a web server, and simultaneously monitoring that server's traffic.
 
-Access: Once authorized and authenticated from login credentials, two private/public key combinations, IP verification and attachment to my Ansible container I am granted access to my Azure network containing my VMs.

-Manage: The management side of my project was all controlled through the Azure Active Directory that enabled me to use two network security groups (NSG), five VMs (including my Jump Box), two VNs, a load balancer, and inbound/outbound security rules.
 
-Audit: Built into the project infrastructure is a type of self-audit system that has a small attack surface at every susceptible level with the most important being the container that siphons my .ssh folder containing my public and private keys, hosts file, and yml scripts.
  				
   From a technical perspective the kinds of access controls I implemented were my two NSGs that were individually configured to exist in my two VNs. More specifically each NSG/VN pair had its own VM(s) that had corresponding inbound security rules that dictated the process by which I was able to connect to them.
   
   My project consists of two NSGs with the first of the two being my Red-Team-NSG that contains my three web server VMs having three inbound security rules that allow traffic over port 80 from my local IPv4, the second which allows me to SSH into my Jump Box using port 22, and last allowing me to SSH from my Jump Box into my VMs. My other NSG known as Elk-Stack-VM-NSG which contains my VM used for monitoring the traffic over the web server VMs contains two rules that allow TCP traffic over port 5601 and allow me to SSH into my VM through Port 22 from any source. With my rules established I then used my local workstation to access Azure and start my VMs to transfer to my shell and SSH into my Jump Box which contains my public key that I pair with my local private key. Once inside my Jump box I can start/attach to my Ansible container and subsequently connect to my web servers VMs through SSH which is facilitated by my private key pairing within my container with my public key from my VMs.
   
   One of the main advantages of Microsoft Azure is in its cloud network capability and the fact that it scales very easily. With that said this particular infrastructure would not scale very effectively, because of the centralized choke point that is a Jump Box having a better alternative in the form of a lightweight directory access protocol. An LDAP is designed to manage user access and control while providing variable access policies and better scalability when compared to a Jump Box. Another enhanced security solution is a VPN that's advantage is dependent on the size, configuration, and sensitivity of data within a network. With my current solution a VPN would complicate the network configuration, and possibly decrease the network reliability and performance at the cost of possibly protecting non sensitive data. On the other hand for a larger company using a similar infrastructure these cons would be outweighed by the pros of a VPN's increased security, and the possibility that it would save the company money in the long run by being able to avoid a costly breach of sensitive information.
